Method:- A method is a block of instructions to perform some specific task. 

Important points:
                  1. A method is a class member so it should be design inside the class block.
                  2. We can design multiple methods inside a class which can be before main method or after main method.
                  3. When a program starts execution then always main method starts the execution and the other method will execute only when it is called.
                  4. a method is called by using its method signature. e.g. test()
                  5. A method can be called multiple times and when it is called then it will execute completely.
                  6. To execute a method, method call should be made from main method.
                  7. Any method can call other method but it will execute only when call is made from main method.
                  8. If a method is static then it can be call by main method directly or by using class name as reference.
                  9. If a method is non-static then it can be called inside main method by using only object name reference.
                  10. main method is a static type method so main method is called by JVM at run time by using class reference.
                  java Car.main(), here main() method of Car class gets called by using class reference.
                  11. String[] args of main method is used to support a feature called command line argument. From command line, we can provide different arguments which is accepted by main method in the form of String type array.
                  Example of calling main method and passing values from command line:-
                  java Car mohan sohan 12 18.3 
                  12. main method is made static so that it can be call by JVM at run time only by using class reference.
                  13. If main method is not static then JVM will require object reference to call main method. To avoid object creation by JVM the main method is made static.
                  14. When program starts its execution then execution is started in a special area called stack area. In stack area LIFO machanism is followed. The first frame is created for main method and after that other frames are created on top of the main frame.
                  15. stack area will be fixed in size so, if large number of frames are created in stack area then it will cause an exception called stackover error. 

Structure of a method: 
                        access modifier non-access modifier  return type  name of the method(parameters/Argument) {body}
                          public            static             void                     main(String[] args)
                          protected         final               int 
                          default           abstract           byte
                          private           synchronized       float
                                            native             double
                                            StrictfP           char
                                                                String
                                                                etc

Method signature: Combination of method name along with method argument is called method signature.

Method declaration: access modifier, non-access modifier, return-type along with method signature is called method declaration.

Method definition: method declaration along with method body is called method definition.

Important points:
                  1. One method can have only one access modifier.
                  2. One method can have multiple non-access modifiers.
                  3. Sequesce does not play any role in access modifier and non-access modifier.  

