Object Oriented Programming is a machanism to solve real-time problem with the help of class and object. Any object-Oriented language supports four pilors sach as:
                                                        1. Encapsulation
                                                        2. Inheritance
                                                        3. Polymorphism
                                                        4. Abstraction

                                                    Two other pilors:
                                                        1. class
                                                        2. Object

Note: Java is not 100% object-Oriented Programming language.


question: Is java a 100% object Oriented language?
answere: No, Java is not a 100% object Oriented language because of 
                1. Primitive Data: Java supports Primitive type data which is not an object type data.
                2. static keyword: java supports static keyword where we can access static memeber only by using class reference. In 100% object Oriented everythingh should be accessed only through object.
                3. wrapper class: java supports wrapper class and 100% object Oriented language should not have wrapper class.

class: class is a blue print, master copy or prototype from which an object is created. Class is a logical entity which will not have physical existance. By using one class we can created multiple objects in java. Every class in java is a non-primitive type data. A class is created by using keyword class.
        The actual value of the class will be object and the defualt value of a class will be null.


object: Object is the physical implementation of a class. Object is a physical entity which occupies space in memory. Object will have all the details which is defined by the class. 
        object is created at run time dynamically inside a special area called heap area.

Note: 1. class does not require but Whenever object is created then memory is allocated for the object inside heap area.
      2. class is created by using class keyword but object is created by using new keyword.
      3. Every class in java can have, states and behaviours

1> states: states are the details or the descriptions about the class. states of class form variable for the class.
    e.g. name, price, color
         type, brand, age
         rollno, eid, salary

2> behaviours: behaviours are the actions performed by the object. behaviours forms methods of the class.
    e.g. start(), stop()
         drive(), run(), read()

Question: Design a class or blue print for car.

class Car {
  String name;
  double price;
  String type;

  public void start() {
    sop("Start car");
  }

  public void stop() {
    sop("stop car");
  }
}

Object is created in java with the help of new keyword and constructor of the class.

new keyword: new is a keyword which is responsible to create an empty object inside heap area. Once object in created then it is assign with an address in hexadecimal form. Whenever new keyword is used then a new memory allocation will take place for object inside heap area.

e.g. Employee e1 = new Employee()

    Employee = non primitive data type / reference data type
    e1 = variable name / object reference / reference variable
    new = It create an empty object inside heap area
    Employee() = constructor of class which loads all non-static memeber inside object 

